README.md, before:

# Learning Vue

## Philosophy

1. Reactivity - being able to react appropriately to incoming changes to the DOM.
1. String Interpolation - strings are replaced with values.
1. Load HTML first before scripts.
1. Execution order is important.

## Mechanics

1. ``{{someId}}`` - DoubleStash.
1. ``:value`` - Syntantic sugar for ``v-bind:value``.
1. ``v-model`` - two way data binding.
1. ``@click.prevent`` - Syntactic sugar for ``v-on:click.prevent``.
1. ``v-if / v-else``, ``v-show``, and ``v-cloak`` for conditionally displaying elements on screen.
1. **Hook** - an interface that can be used to provide additional/overriding code to be executed under certain conditions or in response to specific events.
1. ``v-for="(a, index) in items"`` for looping through a data set.
1. ``:key`` for patching arrays in place for performance improvements.
1. ``:style`` for binding styles. Element style is base style, ``v-bind:style`` overrides.

## Resources

1. [Vue JS](https://vuejs.org/v2/guide/)
1. [JSDelivr](https://www.jsdelivr.com/)
1. [Vue Devtools](https://github.com/vuejs/vue-devtools)

Commit message:

Add more transition effects in the tutorial

README.md, after:

# Learning Vue

## Philosophy

1. Reactivity - being able to react appropriately to incoming changes to the DOM.
1. String Interpolation - strings are replaced with values.
1. Load HTML first before scripts.
1. Execution order is important.

## Mechanics

1. ``{{someId}}`` - DoubleStash.
1. ``:value`` - Syntantic sugar for ``v-bind:value``.
1. ``v-model`` - two way data binding.
1. ``@click.prevent`` - Syntactic sugar for ``v-on:click.prevent``.
1. ``v-if / v-else``, ``v-show``, and ``v-cloak`` for conditionally displaying elements on screen.
1. **Hook** - an interface that can be used to provide additional/overriding code to be executed under certain conditions or in response to specific events.
1. ``v-for="(a, index) in items"`` for looping through a data set.
1. ``:key`` for patching arrays in place for performance improvements.
1. ``:style`` for binding styles. Element style is base style, ``v-bind:style`` overrides.
1. ``:class`` for bindiing classes.
1. ``<transition> and <transition-group tag="tagnametoreplace">`` used for grouping transitional elements for CSS.
1. ``.<name>-leave-to, <name>-enter and <name>-enter-active and <name>-leave-active`` for grouping CSS transitions.
1. For those CSS transition elements that are not parsed correctly, use ``is="transition-group"`` attribute in element.

## Resources

1. [Vue JS](https://vuejs.org/v2/guide/)
1. [JSDelivr](https://www.jsdelivr.com/)
1. [Vue Devtools](https://github.com/vuejs/vue-devtools)
